# hello-world
This get hub account wouldn't be official without a 'Hello World' repository so here it it is--Hello World!
Also, I like fanny packs and eating cheetos. Some times I will fill my fanny pack full of cheetohs and go running at night for hours. They're an excellent source of carbo hydrates and give me just the fuel I need to complete my run (I forgot to mention I work out a lot too). Incidentally, I just purchased a new keyboard from Apple. It's white and matches my monitor quite nicely. Just like the last one. I didn't even have the thing for a month and it turned orange on me. weird huh? So I called apple and I was like, "hey WTF fellas! I've only had this thing for a month and it changed colors on me. It doesn't even match my monitor anymore." So he asked me what I use my computer for. and I said, "well primarily just for surfing the web. I get home from work, open a bag of cheetos and just start surfin' man. you know what I'm sayin'?" so he suggested to me that I cut down my cheeto intake and the problem would abate..........................pssss......the nerve; I mean what does he know about cheetohs anyway? I bet he hasn't even tried the new flamin' hot cheetos yet.....I"m probably the smartest person i know when it comes to that kinda stuff. anywho.. didn't mean to digress, but what more can I add 'about me' ? I guess you could say I have a phlegmatic personality but then again what does an ear, nose and throat doctor know about personality assessment anyway?... They certainly don't know anything about cheetos.
